---
obsidianUIMode: preview
Language:
  - N/A
Category: ProgressJournal
Topic:
  - CompTIA A+
Type: Notes
Systems:
  - Any
Source:
  - https://www.youtube.com/professormesser
Keywords: 
VaultUpdates: "[[Changelog#2025-07-23]]"
Time: 2 Hours
TypeTime: 15 minutes
---
>[!infobox]
> ###### `=this.file.name` Summary
> Type |  Stat |
> ---|---|
> Systems used|`=this.System`
> Languages studied|`=this.Language`
> Changelog|`=this.VaultUpdates`
> Study Sources| `=this.Sources`
> Time Spent Studying|`=this.Time`
> Keyboard Practice|`=this.TypeTime`
### What I did today:
*Breakdown today's lessons, using commit styled bullets*
- Continued Professor Messer A+ course on YouTube, Finished  1.0 and moved into 2.0 networking.
- 15 minutes touch typing practice

### Vault Updates:
[[Changelog#2025-07-23|On this Day]]
- Created Note Files for A+ Progression, [[A+_template]]

### Thoughts:  
Today was good progress, I decided to forego studying via testout due to its longer formatted content that is difficult for me to create notes while following along. Resumed Professor Messer A+ videos and created multiple notes while following along with each video. Will supplement with testout practice quizzes and labs as needed. Broke into Networking today, may struggle with ports so need to make sure I study them well. In addition to the port numbers i need to make sure I'm familiar for the acronyms and what they stand for. I did learn quite a bit today, much of it was review while trying to find where I had left off in Pr

I have decided to put off adding in progress notes for "The Odin Project" until further notice due to having exactly 2 months to complete and pass both A+ exams

I did not advance any new letters today on keybr however my accuracy and wpm did improve slightly. I'm beginning to think my table may be to tall to function properly as a desk. This in tandem with the keyboard sensitivity is making it difficult to be accurate, the height seems to also be causing fatigue in my arms causing my finger alignment to falter.

---
#### **Tomorrow**

- Resume A+ study
- 

#### **Future**

- Begin process to host Obsidian vault to GitHub Pages via Quartz
- Input The Odin Project Progress and Notes into Vault
- Build homepage
- Begin Homelab