---
obsidianUIMode: preview
Language: 
Category: ProgressJournal
Topic: 
Type: 
Systems: 
Source: 
Keywords: 
VaultUpdates: 
Time: 
TypeTime: "30"
NewLetters:
  - d
  - y
KeyAccuracy: 83.61%
WPMaverage: "32.6"
DateCreated: 2025-07-25
---
>[!infobox]
> ###### `=this.file.name` Summary
> Type |  Stat |
> ---|---|
> Systems used|`=this.System`
> Languages studied|`=this.Language`
> Changelog|`=this.VaultUpdates`
> Study Sources| `=this.Sources`
> Time Spent Studying|`=this.Time`
> Keyboard Practice
> ---
> - Time Practiced:`=this.TypeTime`
> - Accuracy: `=this.KeyAccuracy`
> - WPM: `=this.WPMaverage`
>   
### What I did today:
- 
- 
- 

### Vault Updates:
*link changlog, touch on anything major*
- Created 
- Updated 
- Added omnisearch and make.md plugins to vault

### Thoughts:  
Lets start today's entry with transparency, I skipped yesterday due to getting distracted with looking at servers on Facebook marketplace.
###### Touch Typing
Today went pretty well, i do notice that thew focus it takes begins to slow me down when i actually think about what I'm typing. I am beginning to use touch typing while typing other things besides practice. I am finding it to be difficult not to look at the keyboard while touch typing with the full keyboard and a fatigued mind from the practice sessions. I hope that I can build up a typing stamina quickly. This is 100% nicer then hunt and peck typing is.

###### CompTIA A+
Attempted a practice quiz covering domain 1, realized  my professor Messer notes are horrid and I should focus on testout material for this exam due to my shirt time frame. I struggled with monitors of all things, odd considering I studied then extensively when building my desktop. Will be continuing to take practice exams for core 1 until my next paycheck, which will be used to purchase and schedule a core 1 exam session. after that my only focus will be core 2, I have deciding removing half the equation will allow for reduced stress study of core 2 material. 

---
#### **Tomorrow**

- Resume A+ study, goal 2 hours

#### **Future**

- Begin process to host Obsidian vault to GitHub Pages via Quartz
- Input The Odin Project Progress and Notes into Vault
- Build homepage
- Begin Homelab